Description:
	Overhaul update for main menu UI, the UI will stay like this for now with potential additions and polishing in the future, this will make navigating UI faster.
	When pressing the arcana input without having arcana meter the characters will now perform a similar action, but with different properties.
	General framedata changes to all of the playable characters, focus to make things more punishable and discourage a spammy playstyle.
	In-Game UI has been updated to look more appealing and help give the information required in an easier way.
	Combo chain has become slightly stricted to allow for things to be more punishable, specifically you can't chain one input to the same one immediately after.
	Another combo change, combo chains go from Light->Medium->Heavy and can't go in reverse except when doing middair combos.
	Now arcana meter carries over rounds, so you have to be careful how you spent it at the end of each round.
	The UI can now be navigated using a mouse cursor as well.
	New VFX are using particles to give more appeal and also make clear what VFX affects gameplay and what is there purely for visuals.
	New basic graphic options allow to change resolution and display mode.
	You can now change the game options while in-game.
	New UI for displaying Arcana, the bars also work more like your usual special bars now.
	Changed shadow charge so that if the shadow is used during a combo it won't start recharging until that combo is finished.
	Shadowbreak should be more consistant and understandable on how to punish.
	Block count option in training mode will allow the player to set how many times the CPU should block before getting hit.
	Guardbreak (5H) has increased start up and now depletes a part of the player's health when used(Cannot kill).
	Super Armor now has health, Guardbreak takes two hits in order to break the Super Armor.
	Abaddon's 2S now has a 1 hit super armor.	
	Pitch Black's 2S now acts as a multihit and deals slightly more damage.
	Inputs should feel a bit more consistent now.
	Fixed shadow's hitstop not acting correctly & other minor fixes.
	Fixed UI flickering when players moving & other minor fixes, slightly improved visuals for Input History & Input Display UI.

Version:
	0.2.12

Patch Notes:
	New Main Menu UI.
	New arcana-less specials.
	General framedata changes.
	Update In-Game UI.
	Combo chain changes.
	Combo chain hierarchy.
	Arcana carries over rounds.
	Cursor Support.
	New VFX for non game related actions.
	New graphics options.
	Allow to change options in-game.
	Update Arcana UI.
	Shadow recharge change.
	Update shadowbreak.
	Add block count training option.
	Guardbreak (5H) changes.
	Super armor changes.
	Abaddon changes.
	Pitch Black changes.	
	Minor input fixes.
	Minor gameplay fixes.
	Minor UI fixes & updates.